crush them now am using a static kill it
leave nothing here educate them with
pleasure the fine choice an appetizer
this one looks good
get over here you cannot escape your
turn the apocalypse has be done
Armageddon is here we cannot be stopped
we will bury them annihilating the day
has come at last so it begins
ha ha ha it is time they will run in
fear
MegaPath they will pay excellent
be patient we know they are here
Armageddon we'll wait Soviet power must
be preserved there Tempe we wait so
their power supreme such rules the end
is at hand its own shall be over these
will be their last moments their n draws
near we shall attempt this it has soon
been a wasteland there is no
I have the final say the instrument of
doom it is day of judgment where are
they vengeance is near the fools cannot
hinder me the apocalypse cannot be
stopped I will not be interrupted they
have not accepted their fate
pounding clacking often nail him flush
em put them in the ground no I'm up the
chances we'll take it
grim it out Oh still give me that
give it here jump this won't take a
second check him down ever tank ready to
crush who's looking for a good pounding
please take care of this ever time that
one and no problem hey come here
hold it there pal they're spring in the
hammer as you say step on it
let's move come on pull throttle glory
all right looking around leave it behind
let's get out of here we'll be back I've
had enough can't touch this
punch throw up keeper Goods coming yeah
just like that
load the cannon Oh nail them that's
right every tank let's do this who's
giving you problems let's start
something up what do you say right here
comrade
did he just scratch my paint a dumb guy
they wanna play some of these lawyers
were trouble hey that one got through
you must be kidding
fire target stick fire when ready
ignition we got the third warhead launch
area target set take the whole area far
as a multi warhead sends the barrage
dispersion damage check d4 standing by
warheads primed received ready to fire
sequence target confirmed
prepare for launch ready the platform
cut their coordinates setting target
range this is it comrades entering
launch codes confirmed resetting
positioning the
yes sir understood coordinates check
pull back headquarters we're on our way
clear for regroup the treat orders
confirm all right before we end up like
a v3 mobile rocket launcher before you
target sir
again fire prema quickly we're fully
engaged sir maintain fire sequence ready
to fire platform on safety measures
check standing by for coordinates
commander sir we're taking hit we're out
in the open they have a targeted where
is our escort damage report p4 to
command